Extending PR 106 (#110)
invenia/JLSO.jl: README.md

[![Code Style: Blue](https://img.shields.io/badge/code%20style-blue-4495d1.svg)](https://github.com/invenia/BlueStyle)
[![DOI](https://zenodo.org/badge/170755855.svg)](https://zenodo.org/badge/latestdoi/170755855)

JLSO is a storage container for serialized Julia objects.

> Think of it less as a serialization format and more of a container for arbitrarily serialized objects and metadata.

Reviewer: The point of calling it a container was not merely that that it contains things.
It is specifically referring to a container format
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Container_format_(computing)
such as the Real Media format https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/RealMedia
which can in turn wrap multiple different codecs/formats (serializers in our case)

With the key untility of JLSO that the serializer and compressors just have to work with `Vector{UInt8}` and JLSO takes care of hooking them up and of metadata.
(which is very much what container formats do)

A JLSO file contains two primary components:

1. [BSON](https://bsonspec.org/spec.html) formatted metadata about the host operating system and environment
2. An arbitrary collection of serialized objects

While the metadata is specific to the JLSO file format, various serializers and compressors can be employed when saving objects.
The serializer needs to determine how to turn a Julia object into a stream (`Vector{UInt8}`), while the compressor needs to choose how to convert one stream of `UInt8`s into a smaller one or the reverse.
Depending on the configuration metadata, objects may be stored as [BSON sub-documents](https://bsonspec.org/spec.html) or [Julia serialized](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Serialization/) types, using various compression methods.
JLSO currently defaults to [Julia serialization](https://docs.julialang.org/en/v1/stdlib/Serialization/) with [`gzip`](https://github.com/JuliaIO/CodecZlib.jl).

Currently, JLSO files store the following metadata:

- JLSO version number
- Julia version number
- Serialization format (e.g., "julia_serialize", "bson")
- Compression method like "gzip"
- A docker image URI
- Project.toml

> - Manifest.toml (possibly compressed)

Reviewer: Do we need all this listed in the README?

> This information makes it possible to reconstruct the original environment necessary to deserialize the objects if the internal serialization format has introduced breaking changes.

Author: I still don't love this sentence, but I want to make it clear that the metadata serves more as breadcrumbs for resolving serialization issues.

Reviewer: Yes, I think it is not great.
Even if the serializer hasn't introduced breaking changes, if the structure of the object itself has changed that is also a problem, that need to be dealt with via loading the old object.

Maybe more like

```suggestion
In general, serializers are not able to handle deserialized objects if the type defintions of the stored objects have changed.
For example if a field has been added then there is no such field in the stored data so it can't be loaded using the new version of the package.
JLSO stores the package version, thus allowing you to load the old version of the package from before that change and so be able to recover the object.
Similar occurs if the serializer itself changes.
```

Even though it is longer

> Since the metadata is formatted in language-agnostic BSON (no Julia extensions), all you need is a BSON reader.

Reviewer: Maybe
```suggestion
Since the metadata is formatted in language-agnostic BSON (no Julia extensions), in the worst case you can access these breadcumbs with any BSON reader.
```

> Due to the size of this metadata, JLSO files are not ideal for storing many small files.

Author: I wonder if some of this would be clearer in the context of an FAQ section like

> Who is this intended for?

> Why is this metadata useful?

> Why is there a balancing act between performance, flexibility and reliability in serialization formats?

Reviewer: Maybe. Can be a follow up PR.
Some of that wouldn't want to be in a readme?
